Update repositories.md (#5605)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/repositories.md

secondary = false
```

> When a package source is defined like this, it takes precedence over [PyPI](https://pypi.org).

Reviewer: This is redundant I feel as this is said just below as well.

To ignore [PyPI](https://pypi.org) completely, use `default = true`.

To target a package source only on specific packages, use `secondary = true` on the package source, and specify the `source` when adding the dependency.
In the example below, `my-lib` will be obtained from the custom package source and `urllib3` will use the [PyPI](https://pypi.org) source.

```toml
[tool.poetry.requirements]
my-lib = { version = "*", source = "foo" }
urllib3 = "*"

[[tool.poetry.source]]
name = "foo"
url = "https://foo.bar/simple/"
secondary = true

> ```

Reviewer: I'd move this below the warning for continuity. And refer to the default section. Rephrase it something like -

```md
{{% note %}}
If you prefer to disable PyPI, you may choose to set one of your package sources to be the [default](#default-package-source).
{{% /note %}}
```

And move the exampe to the secondary package source section maybe?

{{% warning %}}

> Reminder: If package sources are defined for a project, these will take precedence over

Reviewer: I think this is redundant over the existing warning box.

secondary = false
```

> Any package source defined like this takes precedence over [PyPI](https://pypi.org).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any package source not marked as `secondary` will take precedence over [PyPI](https://pypi.org).
```

{{% note %}}

If you prefer to disable [PyPI](https://pypi.org) completely, you may choose to set one of your package sources to be the [default](#default-package-source).

> To enable a package source only for a specific dependency, see [Secondary Package Sources](#secondary-package-sources).

Author: I think this suggestion makes it unclear what this is about. I rephrased to:

> If you prefer to specify a package source for a specific dependency, see [Secondary Package Sources](#secondary-package-sources).

process. These network requests will occur for all sources, regardless of if the package is
found at one or more sources.

> In order to limit the search for a specific package to a particular package source, you can explicitly specify what source to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to limit the search for a specific package to a particular package repository, you can specify the source explicitly. This is strongly suggested for all private packages to avoid dependency confusion attacks.
```

> package.

Reviewer 2: `source =` should restrict this to only that repository -- if we're doing otherwise, that's a bug.

> package.

Author: It's difficult for me to assert this, because my private `pypi` is set to redirect to `pypi.org` on missing packages.

Since this closely touches security, there really should be a unit test that asserts it.
